---
layout: post
title: "On my way"
description: "I'm just gone for a couple of weeks. It's not that big of a change. Wait..."
category: life
tags: [feeling, life, meta, work]

imagefeature: norway-header-00.jpg
comments: false
share: true
---

I packed my bag just the way I've always done, when I've been heading over to the Fusetools offices in Oslo. I've been working there since the second half of May 2015, so it's become this kind of _normal thing_ for me, in a way. You know, head over to the airport, stay in Oslo for a week or so and go to work at the offices, like normal.

Ever since I accepted the job, I knew that there's one thing that I'm also going to do: relocate to another country. From Finland, where I've lived my entire life, to Norway. It was a distant thing, so I didn't really think about it that much. I had to find an apartment—which turned into quite a difficult task in the end—and take care of some other stuff.

Moreover, it meant that I will be moving away from things that I have partly taken for granted; my parents, older sister, friends, _everything I'm familiar with_. And the most difficult thing to accept; I will be relocating, but my girlfriend will not yet, due to University. 

So relocating to Norway, another country altogether, feels really distant and unreal in a way. And now I'm doing just that. Maybe I am bound down by routines and familiar things—even though I love spontaneous trips and plans while on trips—and I will slowly realize all the things I have taken for granted, aren't just around, that I'm able to just do on the side of everything else.

But that's probably just a good thing, even though it feels scary at first. It's time to break out of my comfort zone, right? And it's Norway; hop on a plane for cheap and I'm over to what I used to call _home_ for the 32 years of my life so far, in less than 90 minutes. But life won't end there—it's going to be really beneficial for me as well. Get some perspective on life, what I value in my life, and things that I feel are important.

Because all the things have always _just been there_, I've fallen trap to the thing I've tried fighting against—constraining myself into my comfort zone.